The Joe Rogan experience Buster Douglas in that fight. You know,
the whole story behind it, his mom died and he was devastated.
And so he was always a really,
really talented guy that just didn't work hard enough. But that fight,
he trained like a. He trained like a real champion because he.
Didn't come out. Yeah. It didn't want to face didn't want to think about it.
I'd probably just focused on was.
That maybe also he was like doing it. He was dedicating it to his mom, but he,
yeah, the human element, but I just remove.
Just, yeah.
I am, uh, I am I am, is this.
What you're finding out from this pandemic being locked up and having so much
alone time.
Like that? I understand my anger now. I don't know how to fix it,
but I understand what is it? W what is your anger? It's failing.
Like I'm not going to be heard and things are going to go in a way.
I don't want them to be, so the second is,
there's a suggestion different than mine.
I catastrophize in my head and I don't want to be like, well, you know what,
actually, I can't do that because I'm doing Joe's podcast.
Maybe I could do that tomorrow.
I just hear the information and feel like I have no power. And then I go, oh,
what the? Then my wife's like,
I just asked a question and then I am so up here.
I have to, like, it takes, it only takes me like two minutes.
And then I come in, I put my head to the side of her head and I just go,
I'm sorry. I don't want to tell you, you married a up.
You blew it. You're not going to, you're not good at reading people.
You have no one to blame, but yourself like that. And I apologize, like an. Now,
my I, and there's another thing too, is I've I also, in this,
I've never loved my wife more, you know, gave me a son. And it's just like,
it's one of those things where, you know, you just sit, that's a beautiful,
really sit there going, like, I am really like, I am way,
way more of a than I thought I was. I knew I was,
but I didn't think I was that bad. So.
You realize you've got issues, but you don't know how to solve them.
That's what it is.
I, I realized that I had issues that I thought I was past.
That's what me up. But you feel like, like, all right,
so I've taken care of that. Now I can focus on this. And it's like, nah,
this is still in this pile. You thought it was six feet high. It's 12 feet high.
And it's, it was, uh, um, yeah,
it was demoralizing. Do anything? No one is part of the way to fix it though.
Yeah. But then you have to go through the torture of it of,
because it's not like, it's not like, you know, like the Dr. Phil episode,
you need to understand yoke, yell at people, whatever the. Oh,
okay. Thanks Phil. And like, you're just going to go do that.
It's it's like nanny. Then you have to do the work.
And it's so easy to just go back into your,
your it's a deep groove worn into your personality,
and you're trying to get out of the rut.
And it's just easy to go back into it and just be on autopilot.
Pilot.
That's why people like psychedelics because it separates you so much from who
you are. You get a chance to look at yourself.
It's one of the things that comes out of it.
I should have done that when I was younger. Can't do it now. Like right now.
On this podcast, I don't get to, I think they're a little bit more professional.
I'm supposed to be promoting one of these features. We've already done.
It. We promoted it. It looks great. I'm excited.
We started to see what a mustache.
Oh, so you say I'm done in the NAC. Now do this. You can do a little drugs.
Sorta mushrooms. Be good for you. Listen, Joe, I know you're an influencer,
but you ain't gonna win on this one. Well, it's a
dirty word. I will be, uh,
kids get out of the house and they're great people.
Hopefully if I did the job then.
Yeah. So when they're 18, okay, we'll go. When they're 18,
I'm gonna take you somewhere.
All right. When I'm 70 and you're 71. Yeah.
We'll get blasted together. I'm not sure. This is.
What I learned about myself and why I didn't miss stand up.
Cause it was freaking me out is because what I experienced as a kid
straight across the board, uh,
made me go to this mental place of like, I don't care.
it. I don't care. I don't need it. I don't give a.
And that caused that caused that's what caused everything to get walled off.
And that actually feeds into rehabbing injuries
because I was a big moment for me where I got this
console thing that I'm trying to put in my podcast studio.
And I was supposed to deliver it and bring it in there. Right.
So the day they were going to deliver it, my wife went into labor.
So I went to the hospital and then they showed up and I didn't want them going
out in my garage. I got all my memorabilia and.
I just didn't want people in there unless I was there. So I said,
I just have them drop it off.
I thought it was going to be a box and it was already assembled and it was big.
Right. And it was also the weight load of it. I was just, I was like, ah, it.
If I keep my arms in,
like this it's mostly biceps and I was going to do this and I was going to do
this stupid German, Irish. it.
And what it was going to do was going to set me back once again,
like I had a big setback in February, I had an acting gig and they said,
Hey, it was just a stupid little action thing as a wall, put your hands on it,
hop over. Can you do that? I'm like, yeah, my shoulder feels pretty good.
And the second went like that, I felt like lightning go down my shoulder.
And I was like, ah, right back to the tuna canning and all that. So I actually
had a friend come over. We were going to do it. I said, you know what, dude.
I, I, I owe you.
A dinner or something. I, I'm not doing this.
And I called up this guy that I knew who has a construction company.
I know you got a couple of strong young guys that can just move this thing in
there. And I just had them do it. And, and like,
and that's like something that I'm pushing through where, um,
it helps me as a comic and also me deal with highly emotional.
Cause I can just shut off and just do what I have to do,
which works like back in the day, when you're going to do Letterman,
which was terrifying, it's freezing cold. And you just have to be like,
this just, it's just people. This is just a different shiny floor.
That's freaking me out. And as an icon sitting at that desk,
I had the tools to shut that off, which is great for that moment.
But it's terrible for the rest of your life. Like this. That's like,
I just realized there's just in me that I needed,
that I have not dealt with death of friends.
All of that is just sitting in here.
And I think that's also like, when
people then go like, oh, Hey, can you do this? Oh, I thought hell.
Like it's not all just that. I'm not going to get what I want.
A lot of that is like, you got all of this that you sit in on.
So you're sitting on all that and you haven't addressed it. So then it just, it,
it,
the only way for the steam to come out is like for you to snap or whatever.
So, which is really not fair to the people around you,
to be honest with you. So I don't know if you go to therapy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What about meditating? You ever medicine.
Yeah, but I find the guy's voice is annoying. You don't have to listen.
Won't shut up.
Yeah. Every time I'm getting there, he starts talking again.
And then he's using this really soothing,
caring voice that makes me face all of that
that I didn't get growing up, which makes me angry at this person.
That's trying to help me.
Wow. Yeah.
Quarantine is not a bad thing.
For what it's worth. You're always fun to hang around with.
I always enjoy your company. I don't have any issues with any of your crazy,
cause I have a crushing need to be.
So I toned down my continuous when I'm around.
Listen, my wife knows me. Hang out with her one time.
She'll tell you some stories. I'm sure.
Yeah. Well, the you that I get, I like,
if that helps you. Yeah.
You know the deal, you don't know anybody until you live with them. All right.
You know,
I will not accept your compliments. That's another part of my personality.
The guy that's running the meditation app. That's annoying.
You do you know whose app you're using?
I don't want to put the guy on blast, but yeah, I do. Okay.
Let me know when he's great. He's great. He's doing, he's trying to help people.
I understand. Yeah. You should do it without an app. Do I go? I,
I was still, I can't say I can't say what I said nowadays.
I can't say what I said. I remember I was playing pickup hockey and I suck.
Right. But I'm having a good time out there. I'm just, you know,
I'm out there trying to get a sweat going. Right. And you know,
I'm having my head down. I'm going to play no contact. And because I had,
it was really my fault. I had my head down on this guy,
knocked me down on the other team. And he goes, you are right.
When I said to that guy, I still regret.
I was so mad at him that he was caring in that moment. Like,
and that's one of those things. It was like, what is wrong with me?
Wow.
So you you're really trying to come to grips with all this right now.
Yeah. Because I don't want to pass this on my kids. That's what happens.
It's just like, when, when people are like, uh,
if people say my kids are not like me, like, I'm like good.
That's weird. But I do think that a lot, if they allow, yeah. He's, you know,
she's like, you know, happy go. Like my great,
like I forget what somebody said one time about my daughter. Cause she's like,
she's this angel. Right. And they made some sort of, you know,
comic made the comment, you know, thinking it was going to hurt me.
And I was like, yeah, dude, that's music to my ears. I don't want to,
I don't want it to be like me.
But don't.
You think they were trying to hurt you? And they said it?
No, it was one of those comic things where they don't have kids. So,
and it was a guy and they don't know what to say.
So then they got to like make a joke. Like I had a buddy of mine,
a comedian on my birthday. He goes, Hey,
happy destroying your mother's uterus day.
And I just remember laughing, going like, oh,
there's a guy has to do a little more work than I have to. Or I can say,
I can say ha I know, but I mean, I know what it is. It was a Boston comic.
And he couldn't just say happy birthday, because that would be gay.
So he has to go. So overcorrect,
that has to go to that level. It's so stupid.
It's probably why guys die before women,
you hang on to and there's all that stuff, you know, can't say,
enjoy sunset, Joe. You can't do that.
Why can't you shut up? But I know why.
I know you do. I know.
But the thing about you is you can also beat the out of most people in a room.
So you got that. So people can be like, oh wow. You know,
they actually want to hear that from you. When they see you spinning he'll kick,
they want to know that you enjoy a sunset. Cause like, I don't want,
if this guy's as angry as I am and can do all of that,
what am I odds are getting out of here.
So you want to see that out of a guy like you.
Big guy. You didn't want to see it. Don't want to see you in. Join us on set,
Joe. I don't read, I don't.
Up. I don't know what it is.
I am too. I am too in here to understand me.
This is interesting to have a very S I've. I have a very weird thing.
I have an alley of my personality that works,
that I somehow turned into a living,
but the rest of it looks like Fred Sanford's yard,
old radiators and bed frames and. It's a meth.